here we are we spent all day since first
light looking in one of the world's
great hotspots for blue whales haven't
seen a thing and there are all sorts of
reasons why mean one is of course being
whales they're spending most of their
lives underwater out of sight so we
could be going right by them and have no
idea they're there and then you get
conditions like this is quite sweaty
today a lot of waves there's a lot of
white cap so it's hard to spot if
there's a blow it just makes it so
challenging and it's quite exciting in
one way it's very frustrating in another
that you know they're here but just
jolly well can't find them oh look there
is one actually that was a lot easier
than I was expecting there's a way all
right there talk of the devil
now you just love the blue whales
impeccable comic timing now this is
Earth on location brand-new to earth
unplugged and that clip comes from big
blue live and exciting an ambitious new
live series coming soon to BBC one and
PBS now we're going to be bringing you
incredible stories from our intrepid
crews across the globe and we're going
to be sharing their videos and photos on
the BBC earth Facebook Twitter and
Instagram accounts as well as the
stunning BBC Earth website and while
you're at it make sure you subscribe
right here to earth unplugged